Let's talk about a topic of growing importance,
which is a machine learning interpretability.
It's often the case that in business applications,
companies may choose to use a simple linear model
rather than a complex nonlinear model for the sake of interpretability.
When you build a model,
you'll need to be able to understand how it's
using the features to generate its predictions.
This is because you want to know when it might work
well and when it may need human intervention.
You may also have to explain your model to the portfolio managers,
and even to the clients who are considering investing in your fund.
If a complex model is like a black box,
in that humans can't interpret it,
then the company may still prefer to stay with a simpler model like regression.
Which is more easily explainable.
This is sometimes called the black box white-box trade-off.
Researchers have been building models to help interpret machine learning models,
and this is very relevant because by making complex models interpretable and explainable,
this opens the door for complex models to be more readily
acceptable and used in business applications including in finance.